ORCA CPC (S/M) | Deliver notification to EHR (e.g. Zorgbijjou Platform) (#85)
SanteonNL/orca: README.md

- *OPTIONAL*: If using the *Frontend*, invoking *Orchestrator*'s app launch
  - Supported: SMART on FHIR (TODO), ChipSoft HIX (TODO)

### Orca Care Plan Contributor task notification

> When a new Task is created or updated at the Care Plan Service, the Task filler's EHR will be notified. As soon as the 
> is accepted, the Task filler's EHR will be notified. The notification is sent to the EHR's by Kafka / EventHubs. The 
> notification mechanism will change over time:
> 1. The initial implementation will use Kafka / EventHubs to notify the EHR's of new Tasks and contain all relevant 
> resources in one sibling message. This message contains of a set of FHIR bundles.
> 2. The future implementation will use Kafka / EventHubs to notify the EHR's of new Tasks without the relevant FHIR 
> resources as the EHR's should query the Care Plan Service for the relevant resources.

Reviewer: A bit 'wollig', and we're sending just 1 message, right? Maybe:

```suggestion
When the local Task filler accepts a new Task, ORCA will notify the EHR so it can process it. The following messaging protocols are supported:
- Kafka
- Azure Event Hub (through Kafka)

Configure the `ORCA_CAREPLANCONTRIBUTOR_KAFKA` properties to enable delivery through Kafka.

The message contains the Task and several FHIR bundles that contain the FHIR resources related to the Task.
Note: the bundles with the related FHIR resources might be removed in future.
```

#### The diagram of the initial implementation 
![clinic-notification-2.svg](docs/images/clinic-notification-2.svg)

#### The diagram of the future implementation

> ![clinic-notification-1svg](docs/images/clinic-notification-1.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![clinic-notification-1.svg](docs/images/clinic-notification-1.svg)
```
